ADAPTED FROM THE NOVEL OF THE SAME NAME
BY ZHU YI ON WWW.JJWXC.NET
NANWU NO. 1 HIGH SCHOOL
100TH ANNIVERSARY CELEBRATION
- There are so many people.
- One more.
- Come and take a selfie with me.
- Now.
- Okay.
- Look.
- That's nice.
Qiao.
Dian. You're finally here.
Come on.
When can we visit your new home?
In love?
Good friends for now.
During the probation period.
Can best friends hold each other's hands?
- Of course.
- Yes, we can.
Wen Shuangjiang.
We're too slow.
We should have held hands
earlier, like them.
Bro. Stop.
Probation period.
She's hard to please. Give me some time.
I'll tell you when it's done.
Let's go for a walk. Lead the way.
Okay. Let's go.
Let's go.
Boys and girls,
your illustrious alumnus,
Su Haoan, is back.
He's so confident.
With Zhong Siqiao, your schoolmate,
although she's a bit old.
What did you say?
Zhong Siqiao, run.
- That's nice.
- Stop right there.
If we met at the graduation ceremony,
would we go around
taking pictures like them?
Excuse me. Excuse me.
Wen Shuangjiang.
Excuse me.
Do you know where Senior Class 17 is?
I'm a freshman.
I know.
You're Sang Yan's beloved schoolmate.
Go down and turn left
to enter the building.
- How?
- Do you want me to take you there?
Nothing's changed.
Do you want to revisit the classroom?
- Sang Yan?
- My name is Wen Yifan, sir.
Sir.
Sorry. I'm late.
- It's him.
- Late for the first day of school?
Did you two come together?
No, we didn't.
I just got lost,
so I searched for a while.
What about you? Your reason?
My dad didn't know I was a senior,
so he sent me to my middle school.
Going in or not? Sang Yan.
As a senior, I'll let you in first.
Junior middle school boy.
Wen Yifan is here.
Sir. Sang Yan is here.
STRIVE FOR SUCCESS
TIME WAITS FOR NO ONE
Okay. We're all here.
Please come up to the podium
and introduce yourselves to each other.
We'll start with student No. 1.
- Feng Jiaying.
- Yes.
- Come on.
- Let's welcome her.
Hello, everyone. My name is Feng Jiaying.
My hobbies are singing and dancing.
I'm a Taurus.
I hope I can be good friends
with you all in the next three years.
Thank you all.
Very good.
Next is Wen Yifan. Let's welcome her.
Hello, everyone. My name is Wen Yifan.
My hobby is dancing.
My nickname is Shuangjiang.
On the day I was born,
it happened to be the First Frost,
so my dad gave me this nickname.
Thank you.
Okay. Next, Sang Yan. Okay? Come on.
Sang Yan.
- Okay.
- Come on. Let's welcome him.
Hello everyone. My name is Sang Yan.
I can't dance,
so I can only add two points. Okay.
- The first point.
- OK.
OK.
These are the two points Sang Yan added.
Okay? Remember these two points.
The two points are for your friendship
in this class
and your academic performance. Okay?
- Okay.
Are you tired?
Going to hang out again?
I want to stay here for a while.
Why haven't you changed at all?
If you haven't changed,
why are you asking me to?
Why don't you leave?
Hello.
This time slot
is booked by the dance class.
Is she a freshman?
Whatever.
She's not a good dancer,
but she's cocky.
This dance class is booked by us.
You can leave now.
Looks like there's ten minutes left.
She refuses to leave.
Overweening.
You're dancing alone
while taking up all this space.
- That's not necessary.
- Of course not.
She's always like that.
Didn't she say she had ten minutes left?
And who said she was alone?
Is she your girlfriend?
No.
Then why did you stand up for her
and fight for those ten minutes?
Besides, you're not in the dance class.
But I could be.
I practiced martial arts when I was a kid,
but they didn't want me.
Are you in love with him?
You two shouldn't be so close at school,
lest people get you guys wrong.
Don't let me see you like this again.
Otherwise, I'll be rude.
I'm sorry, sir.
What do you want?
To go back to class.
Can you keep your distance from me then?
OK. How far?
Why do you keep secretly following me?
I'm following you openly.
Your shoelace is untied.
Yan, the ice is here.
- So, where are we going to sit?
- On the chair.
Don't you need to study
or play basketball
besides following me?
I'm going to take the bus.
The same direction when I go home.
Mr. Zhang wants to see you.
Wen Shuangjiang.
Shoes.
Thank you.
School's out?
Sang Yan, can you
turn your passion
into motivation for your endeavors?
It's not too late for you to fall in love
when you go to college and mature a bit.
Listen.
After you transfer,
you have to completely
cut ties with this kid.
Do you hear me?
Why are we here?
You don't have a place to dance,
so just make do here.
I'm painting wings.
Later, the scars will fly away.
Whether you'll show up or not,
I'm still doing what I promised.
Wake up. It's too late.
Class is over?
I have to erase the blackboard.
When did you change
into your school uniform?
WHEN YOU'RE OLD
GRAY AND SLEEPY
YOU SNUGGLE WEARILY BY THE FIRESIDE
AND TAKE A RANDOM BOOK FOR COMPANY
ELEGANT PAST… A MAN ONCE GAZED…
Morning.
Sit over there.
- Why? You were not in my class.
- Now.
Now, looking back on it, I don't know
if I'm remembering correctly.
That year,
I asked a very strange question.
Thinking about that now, as a teacher,
I realize I shouldn't
have been so gossipy.
Gossipy for what?
When the two were late together that time
and stood at the door, I asked them,
"Did you come together?"
Then, I remember Wen Yifan
immediately denying it, "No."
Actually, I think I might have been
a little bit nosy or a little bit abrupt
when I asked that question,
but it didn't occur to me
that the two would actually go this far,
so I was the prophet.
The first time I met her
was at school. I was like,
"Wow, this girl is so beautiful.
It would be just wonderful
if she could be my daughter-in-law."
When did you realize
the two were not right?
Actually, I thought something was wrong
when the bracelet was lost
and he slipped it into that box.
How did you know it was him?
SMALL GESTURES YU ZHUOSUO SAW
I got a sneak peek.
What was your first visit to Overtime for?
I first came to Overtime
to visit the owner with Dian.
Can he be called
the signature of Overtime?
BFF'S BLABBING
Not in my opinion.
Then who is?
Who…
Qian Fei?
Maybe Yu Zhuo.
When did you realize those two were weird?
Maybe at a dinner.
Sang Yan texted,
but Wen Yifan came over.
I didn't think much of it at the time,
but I didn't expect them
to publicize their relationship
at my wedding.
I felt like
the sauce was better
than the fish at my wedding.
I was angry,
but still wanted to wish them well
and hope they could
get along better and better.
We've all been following the story
between Sang Yan and Wen Yifan
because fate is actually
a very wonderful thing.
And I think two people,
especially two people who are in love,
will really encounter some setbacks
or trials or even big hurdles,
but the more such trials,
the more they can map out
the sweetness of their future.
The time Wen Yifan disappeared…
SU HAOAN TALKS A LOT
…and went to Hong Kong, China,
I could feel he was
particularly flustered.
He has always been so calm
and not easily seen with his emotions,
but during that period, all his emotions
seemed to be obvious.
A lot of times, I just
superficially told him that he'd be okay
and hoped that he'd be okay,
but I knew that he was really upset.
Eventually, however,
they found each other.
During the New Year's Eve dinner,
I had a secret conversation with Yifan
about my brother's high school days.
At that time, I was very depressed
because I saw that he,
who was usually very proud and cheerful,
was hit at that time,
fell into the lowest point of his life,
and became very upset every day.
I felt, as his sister, very sad about it.
The look in his eyes
when he fell in love with someone
was especially different.
When he saw Wen Yifan, his concealment
of his true emotions
became apparent.
Wen Yifan looks gentle
but is actually tough,
whilst Sang Yan is just the opposite,
so the two complement
each other quite well
and are a perfect match.
The two are getting married,
so, do you want
to give them your blessing?
‪ALWAYS WITH YOU
I hope
Sang Yan
can stay with Dian
forever
and never let her be sad
or depressed again.
I hope she can be
truly happy forever.
I thought of a poem.
When rain falls on this city
The two share one umbrella
HAPPY FOREVER
I wish Yan to be happy forever.
I certainly wish
they could grow old together
and have children soon.
More than one. Have many.
I hope their children
can inherit their fine…
fine tradi… fine genes,
meaning they will be good-looking.
If you two are going to get married,
I must wish you
a hundred years of good luck.
And be sure to love each other
happily for a long time.
Sang Yan'd better comfort Wen Yifan often,
or I might steal Wen Yifan away. Remember.
If Wen Yifan is the only princess
left in this world,
Sang Yan will be the last knight
in this world.
I wish that they will never fight
and that whatever comes their way,
they will resolve it very well.
Happy every day. Happy forever.
What will you do if Sang Yan
treats Wen Yifan badly?
I definitely
wouldn't let him off the hook.
I would
beat him up.
I hope Sang Yan treats Wen Yifan well.
Wen Yifan
will definitely be
the best girl in his life.
How many kids do you
want them to have in the future?
As many as they want.
I'm very open-minded.
They can have as many as they want.
They're getting married now,
finally, so what are you thinking now?
How much money
should I put in the red envelope?
WEN SHUANGJIANG, NOW IT'S MY TURN
How long have you been preparing?
However long that is,
you're worth it.
It's for you.
This is… Dancing-Doll Orchid.
Because to me,
you look like a fluttering butterfly.
You always shine.
I want you
to fly free forever.
I want, like I said,
to give you wings
and destroy all your pain.
I will always catch you.
Okay.
Wen Shuangjiang.
I'll make you a promise.
Here. You gave this to me,
but even you forgot it.
Put it here so it can turn.
- Okay.
- So deceptive.
Dude, take it easy.
It's out of battery.
Forget it.
Come on.
Wen Shuangjiang.
I'll make you a promise.
After you marry me,
all your wishes will come true.
So you…
You know
what I want to say, right?
Marry me.
You're the only one I want to marry.
Later, I realized
Sang Yan picked this ring
in the shape of a ribbon.
He said
it's because
we're each other's most precious gift.
When you're old,
gray,
- Enough.
- and sleepy,
you snuggle wearily by the fireside
and take a random book for company.
You savored the look in your eyes
when you were chasing your dreams.
You used to have that look
and were full of affection.
I loved your great and elegant past,
your mistakes,
and your true beauty.
There is only one man who has ever gazed
into your pious and holy heart
and fallen in love
with your sad and aging face.
In the moonlight,
you bowed your head, stooped,
and murmured dejectedly in an attempt
to escape from love.
Then you sneaked over the hill
and hid your face…
"…someone who is fierce and will love me…"
…among the stars.
"…until death…
ORANGES ARE NOT THE ONLY FRUIT
…and know that love is as strong as death
and be on my side for ever and ever."
I'm sorry.
Are you okay?
What are you reading? You're so focused.
Are you that curious?
ORANGES ARE NOT THE ONLY FRUIT
I want someone who is fierce
and will love me until death.
It's you.
THE END
HUGE THANKS TO EVERYONE INVOLVED
AND TO ALL THE FANS OF THE FIRST FROST!
TREAT YOURSELF WELL
AND THE WORLD WILL HOLD MORE LOVE FOR YOU!